---
title: "Lucid InternShip"
date: "2019-06-22"
description: "Hello my name is Justice Matthews I , as well as my coworker Saidi, are both interning at Lucid and we are both upcoming 11th graders that have created this site  "
cover: "justiceblogpost.jpg"
---

<h1>My Lucid Experience</h1>
        <p> First I would like to say that Lucid does not focus on only coding.
        Lucid is a company that has various teams that work for the company. Besides this Lucid has a comfortable work space everyones very welcoming and it's not hard to reach out to another person in the building for help if you need it. Although when I first walked in the building and walked to the second floor it was like being invited to a secret place.</p> <br>      </br> <p1>Everything is organized, clean, and they have screens that update you on the latest hired employees and the latest hired interns! Lucid also has a little snack area and a kitchen place too, so that way it can make everyone feel at home and feel comfortable while working. This is all nice and sweet, but when they first tell you all the information you need to know and there background , you might catch a migraine. There's so much information and logistics that went into this company that it's devastating and amazing at the same time to, there's around 23 sections of tables and 12 meeting rooms , and each section has a average of 7-10 computers at each section for each employee and intern that was at Lucid.</p1> <br> </br> <br> </br>
        <p2>The work me (Justice) and Saidi were given was to try and break a site that holds information for them , this was fun and constantly kept us searching for things. But then we had a business meeting about creating a website , myself and Saidi both had the idea of making a blog site for the school about how the students internships experience were and what they did, and how they felt about the internships. This was when aggravation and confusion started. Myself and Saidi struggled to find a website setup we liked , one that was well designed and ready for upload , but then we found this one , broke this site once or twice , fixed it , and published it and we plan to keep it updated to as long as we can. So to sum everything up , my experience at Lucid was challenging but fun and comfortable at the same time!</p2>
